Build 5/18
	Initial start of the project, based on TTS Remake v0.6.
	Added "MCT" logo in replacement to the SEGA logo in the beginning.
	Title screen has been modified to replace "THE HEDGEHOG" with "THE TOYSHOW". This was a placeholder.
	Demos have been enabled, however they're broken when exiting. This wasn't fixed until the reset happened.
	Other levels now use their own music instead of Green Hill Zone's music.
		Despite this, only Labyrinth Zone remains accessable as another level.

Build 5/20
	Title screen graphic has been added with an incomplete "ALPHA" word drawn on.
		The subtitle "ALPHACEPTION 1" has been added as well, as a partial joke on the hack name.
	A "WEST CREW" graphic has been made for the "YOU ARE WELCOME" sign to replace "SEGASONIC", however it never went used.
	
Build 5/26
	All zones have been enabled. Most of them have been leftover from older TTS remake builds, or the final game.

Build 5/29
	Green Hill Zone Act 2 & 3's palettes have been modified.
		Act 2's palette was modified from Sonic Mania Encore's palette, while Act 3 comes from the first ROM hack I've done, used as a placeholder until I made a better one.
	Act 2 of Green Hill has been started on, being based on the normal Act 1.
	Act 3 of Green Hill has been restored, but it's just the vanilla level.
	Title cards have been added, and Spring Yard's title card has been modified to say "SPARKLING".
	Super Sonic music from Sonic 2 has been added as a placeholder to invincible music.
	
Build 5/30
	A jumping animation has been added.
		Due to this, a strange bug with Sonic's hitbox when jumping has occurred.
	A HUD has been added.
	
Build 6/11
	"MCT" logo has changed.
		Added "ORIGINAL GAME BY SEGA" graphic.
	Title has been modified to finalize the "ALPHA" graphic.
		"ALPHACEPTION 1" has also been shaded.
		"PRESS START BUTTON" has became a new graphic, with a blue shine. The original graphic comes from Pokemon Emerald.
	"xEVERYONEx" text has been added on the Green Hill sign.
	Temporary object layout for Sparkling Zone Act 1 has been added.
	"CLOCK WORK" title card has been added in, as well as the background for the zone.
	
Build 6/14
	
Build 6/15
	An object layout has been added to Labyrinth Act 1.
	
Build 6/17
	More modifications to Labyrinth Act 1.
	Beta snare pitch added in.